# CISC204-S26-Project3-Template
Empty Godot project for Project 3
This project was about creating a customizable character that had 3 changing parts, the head, body, and legs. There was a loading system required and a part of the UI that changes the character in some way. 

What I did to complete this project was first create my pngs in aseprite that I was going to use, I didn't do anything crazy, just enough to get the job done. I then placed node2d with 3 sprite2d attached to it. I then properly placed all of the buttons and interactables and named then accordingly to what their purpose was, I used video tutorials and class slides to properly show me how to code the interactions and changes. I got stuck on a couple issues that I was having, like the slider and the code loader. I ended up just tweaking the code and making sure my nodes were in the right order because I kept messing up nesting to deeply inside of my tree and then not properly calling it in my script. 

I learned a lot from this project, mostly about nesting properly and that certain things are possible in the engine. Coding wise I was mostly fine except for my improper calling of my images. When I first was trying to call my pngs it wasn't calling properly and kept returning null and my code kept having breakpoint errors. I eventually figured out how to properly call them and it was all good. I also learned how to dynamically call pngs instead of just attaching then to the sprite2d. Even though it was nice I still prefer attaching a texture because it's easier to manually place rather than mess with positioning in the inspector. 

If I spent more time on it, I could have made the ui prettier, but I ended up going minimalistic. I also could have made the aseprite character I made more detailed. My code is really efficient so I wouldn't change that, but if I could start over I would definitely better organize my pngs inside the asset folder I created and wish I would have known more about nesting with the labels and such. 
